It's not me, I really don't know, it's not me.
No wonder you are today
Suddenly he said he wanted to visit the music teacher's model room
And hit so many students
So this is all your topic
Right?
No.
No, not me.
Why should you believe me?
It's really not me.
We have raised you for 13 years
Mom held you in her hand for fear of falling
I'm afraid it will melt in my mouth.
You clearly know that a little is life
Do this to her
Do you still have a conscience?
Hahahahahaha
Ah!
I did it all.
You obviously have me
Am I not good?
Am I not trying hard enough?
Every time you take a puff of joy
How am I feeling?
Hahaha
What nonsense are you talking about spoiling me?
Just using me as a stand-in for engineering
Swallow my 13 years of love
I don't have to send you to jail
But please, from now on
Don't show up in front of us again
From now on, you are no longer the daughter of our Gu family
Someone take it away
Brother and mother
I was wrong, I really know I was wrong, mom.
Brother, I was wrong.